The next day he should have a completely queen army.
I thought he was mistaken about that. He mentioned something about the perfecting his job as we continued.
What did he say about that senator? I think he said that we were to continue that he was losing job or roughly something without a fight.
We understand you were there Mr. Cole, Mr. Carr. That's right.
Say gay students in Miss Adam.
I'm just saying five against.
Thank you very much. Do you know whether or Application was invited to be first in that month?
I am told that they have a sign what was the name of that.
You told about whom? I was told by either Mr. Carr, Mr. Cole, not the time the day it was invited to come.
Do you have any recollection of being told that Shine was invited by either the 3k army to Adam?
I know when we got there there was one vacant seat. Mr. Stephen, I think it was about Stephen.
I mentioned the fact that he was sorry that the day it could not be there.
I don't recall too much about that. Getting back now to the conversation on medication.
I was talking about November 6th.
What precisely, senator, to the very best of a recollection to the second day of the day,
are Mr. Adam saying his presence about your growing age to the navy or the air force?
Do you think anything?
I can't give you the growing age of language, but they indicate if they were unhappy about any conflict on the army.
They indicate if they felt the navy and the air force was just as bad as the army.
If there was no conflict on the army, there must be an navy and air force.
As I recall, Mr. Adam, I heard Mr. Adam's offer, Mr. Cole, information in regards to the navy.
For the thought of language views, I don't know.
Senator going back, he first met the secretary on the day of September,
upon his returns on the state of Montana. That's correct as we understand.
He had read the news paper while visiting Montana that you were investigating some subversive in the army.
I think it's a little bit difficult for that direction.
I'm here for the first of all, senator Dreece.
Thank you, Senator. Did he not?
You recall getting his telegrams from the secretary?
I recall getting a telegram.
I recall the telegrams indicated he was disturbed.
My mate, you're wrong with this.
He's disturbed about some news story that came from the Pentagon,
indicating they would not cooperate in the investigation.
Now when he returned, then you met him for the first time and had this conflict.
The secretary of the army is in directly our bi-inflicted.
Indicates to you that he wanted you to.
This continues your investigation of the army and the Fort Monmouth,
and the large human superstages.
No third.
No indication of that, whatever.
The next meeting is I recall.
Senator was, between you and the secretary,
was the Shine apartment in New York City on September 16th.
You recall immediately.
I recall immediately.
I will ask you whether or not on that occasion,
the secretary indicated any displeasure.
Are any displeasure over your investigation of the birthings in the army?
Not that I recall, that meeting is just...
Are any displeasure.
Are any indications that he wanted you to turn that work over to him and allow him to proceed without you?
I don't recall any conversation along that line.
I think the conversation there has some bearing upon this investigation.
I briefly recites that.
You can present it to me if you desire.
That is the time.
At that time, there was a question of what they have signed with you and you win them in military.
And while Dave was there and while Roy was there, I wanted to make my position very clear.
So I told the secretary that I thought it would be a great mistake if he were to give any...
...thing which would appear to be such a consideration with the Shine.
I told him to lean over backwards.
That might have been unfair to Mr. Shines.
But Mr. Shines, there's some lean over backwards and handling these times is because if he did anything,
which might even remotely appear to be giving signs of consideration
about the left wing press that's been signed to stream button up to getting mitties.
Was the boy in him, the boy in the committee.
Mr. Shines, there's a great of that.
Mr. Coln was there, led to object delivery.
And that senator, frankly, I expect to ask you a little more about that later on.
But I am now trying to f-a-zane just to what extent the secretary is the Army and the Army has attempted to block your investigation of the vertices in the Army.
Do you recall an executive session of your committee on or about September 21st, senator in U.R., which was attended by the secretary of the Army?
September 21st.
You have identified a meeting at which time there was a discussion about General Patrick in which time perhaps you did testify when there was some discussion allegedly between you and the secretary with respect to General Patrick?
Oh, yes. That was the meeting at which General Patrick was called an executive session.
Now, who was General Patrick in what position did he hold in the Pentagon?
I don't know, in the exact title, he was head of Army intelligence.
Very well. Now, you may tell about any discussion between you and the secretary with respect to the energy intelligence in the Army, General Patrick.
Well, we have to put the cartridge in when the secretary looks into the executive session testimony.
We were pressing Mr. Patrick principally about the communist line literature being used to the General Intelligence Office.
That's about the 90 percent communist lines, 10 percent mild anti-communism, the usual lines, so they could point to the anti-communist material.
We were pressing cartridge about 20 jules of communism to draw a matter of record of time and sentence, best I can.
How the proceedings of that meeting been passed by?
The amon. How?
Now, you may go ahead and tell us just what occurred and what was said between you and the secretary.
At least I think you're not done.
First, let me give you the background of the meeting phrase just in one minute.
Patrick was Steven President and we always give the secretary the right to ask questions also.
Patrick was asked about the particular literature produced by individuals with non-common of practice, one of whom I believe had been cited or convicted.
The head of Army intelligence seems to think that was unimportant, that the material was all right as I recall.
So we didn't trust him as to what he knew about communism.
The admittedly it never read Mark, one of the anguished, Stalin, and the writer.
He's talking about General Patrick, yes, remember?
We had a book which was under the Secretary of the Pam book written by a communist, or a communist liners.
I forget the name, but then I said to Mr. Patrick,만 you ever read any book?
And any book can come in it.
In order to equip yourself with its important job, and if I wanted to add something, I knew he didn't ask for the assignment.
He might have been a good combat soldier, perhaps, but I told him it was a prohibition around whole slice.
And Mr. Patrick, have you ever read any book?
Dealing with communism needs to get on the way back more overseas.
I read such as such a book and the secretary picked up the book and said something that affects my god.
This is the book he read as one, apparently written by a communist office.
After that, the question arose principally between Mr. Cohn and Mr. Seedham, as to whether or not Mr. Patrick is present.
He's part of the interrupted.
Mr. Patrick, what's the matter with Mr. Frank?
He's a more great eight-long career.
He's very well-made.
I'll try to act in that kind of a sense.
Mr. Cohn, would you make that clear that it's not under-signed and would you make that clear that it's not tell for it's failure?
That's the other Mr. Cohn.
Okay.
How are you pretending about your own post-aguse system?
We had some kind of a situation around the difficult moves to do to separate the kind of situations that I had with the secretary.
He was talking about a book which happened at the end of the second day of hand.
I didn't get what you said.
Well, the secretary picked it up with a son of a humorous thought that something is like my god here's the book he read to think him about communism as one of the books we're investigating.
I like to be written by a communist writer.
Very well.
How do you think about it?
Well, I think it's difficult Mr. Jenkins to separate the conversation which I had with Mr. Jenkins about Mr. Cohn and Mr. Parker.
Mr. Cohn had a related to me, but in substance here was the conversation.
Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Cohn felt my great-of-ins that if we were to put Mr. Parker in public display and show how incompetence he was for that particular job.
Head of our Army intelligence.
I think I can put Bob Stevens for a bit.
I mean, since this would give great aid and comfort to the enemy.
We told Mr. Stevens as long as he knew what the facts were.
He seemed to be as much disturbed about Parker's lack of knowledge as we were.
We told him we told him to be unnecessary to call Mr. Parker.
However, we know the public hearing from time later before getting to that, Mr. Dern.
Do you know whether or not Mr. Secretary, Mr. Stevens, had appointed general packages in the meeting?
I don't know whether he did or not.
At that time, that is on September 21st in the executive station.
Dern not to Secretary, Mr. Stevens, not to have general package test as I in an open session.
He did.
So what reason?
Did he say it?
He felt that there would be no benefit for the yet all the information.
And that it was...
Oh, gives a country lack of confidence in our Army intelligence if they saw this man cross the government and publicly he was.
An executive person, and as he said, he tells us to give, I think, use the word, aid and comfort to the Army.
Let me drive around to set these two general packages before packing them.
Do you know whether or not he was in the list of those who were given a permanent rank which in a sense might be considered a promotion?
Yes, he was.
Partridge got the consideration which Washington was.
Here, Washington was in the same list.
Washington was passed over.
Partridge got the consideration.
May I say Mr. Jenkins, what's this we can do to a criticism of Partridge?
I know that a very good Army engineer, one of the best in the Army, might be assigned to intelligence.
Completely incompetence there, no fault of his own.
I know nothing about Partridge has come back record.
He may be an outstanding combat soldier for all I know, but, certainly, from quickly to this morning, incompetence has had a Army intelligence.
As you stated a moment ago, it's your theory that he was a star-packing around holes that is correct.
Did you have an open session in New York City on the 20th of September at 10 p.m.
That was in Washington.
I would ask you to tell the members of this committee what occurred at that time, Senator.
We heard a number of witnesses in regards to coming inside blood at your being used for indoctrination purposes.
I had talked to Mr. Cohn before and I'm told we would not require Partridge to be present.
He was a secretary of state that he was making arrangements for a new assignment for him.
It was as much shocked as we were by the testimony of Partridge.
When we arrived for the hearing, I found Mr. Partridge and we were sitting back here behind the witness chair.
I turned to Mr. Cohn and I said, I thought that it was not Partridge to appear.
He said, well, I'm sure they don't, so he called Secretary Steven for what is back to me.
That Steven said it was a mistake or a smat-proof or something like that.
And after we never insisted on a fan of the end of the hearing, I felt that I could not deny Partridge the right to take the fan that he wanted to.
So that time, and again, I'm quoting from memory that it's all been transcribed.
I turned to Partridge and said, now, General, if you want to take the fan today, you can.
But I would suggest that you study the testimony first and decide when you want to come back and testify.
He took the hint and decided to study the testimony and come back later.
And as the consequence was never called before your committee's I had to.
That is correct, then, was removed as head of Army Intelligence.
It was removed between the day September 28th and the date of October 19th, which is tied in in my mind with a post-release.
I proposed a post-release.
Will there anything of any consequence that significance so distinctly or do you remember of your staff, do you know?
Yes, by either the sexy or it sounds to her, Mr. Adam.
Or is it sex to the halving or the calling off of your investigation of having it in subversive report, my mother?
I'm covering now the date between September 28th and October 19th.
Let me check my dates here.
That's for a minute.
Wow, they are checking this material. Let's be trying to watch today.
My chief counsel disagreed with me on this, at some extent, but I recall that
there was some what you would call mild, needling, matching sports that he was about to come with, but at some point he would
forget it, and he would just be called off.
And they were raving each other at the beginning, one for one week or six weeks.
Mr. Steven, there was a time, at the time that you regard Mr. Adam as being serious in those suggestions or in that meeting you call it.
I think serious for nothing improper. I think he just honestly felt that the hearing should be called off.
He felt that they could do the job.
Can you recall anything specifically that Mr. Adam said in his meeting of Mr. Combe with respect to these investigations?
He would ask Mr. Combe how long they hearing would take, and ask me how long they would take.
We give him an estimate. He would tell us he thought that it was too long.
Mr. Combe said, we have to be more efficient to be able to handle this up in a day or two, and that's not a thing.
Nothing unusual in nature.
Mr. Adam, Mr. Steven, had lunch with us a number of times before that October 19th, date.
Again, when I would call in my older things, the last hearing should be terminated up early as the possible dates.
No feeling developed between you and the tech-paying, is that case?
No, we're getting on very well.
Getting on very well.
The guy who did say, and I'd take it to the jury, I'd simply wish his desires of a man in the position of the tech-paying, to be allowed to do the job in himself out of a sense of pride perhaps.
Or a fun part of this, where the usual opposition with your friend when you start to investigate any department.
Nothing out of the ordinary, nothing extraordinary about it, to your mind at the back.
Nothing extraordinary at that time.
I won't tell the committee about the occurrences of October 19th, when the inspection is proposed, personally.
Prepare, as I remember, my Mr. John De Adder.
Well, before that, there had been a first release by the Secretary of the Foundry.
No, I think it might.
I did know on the fact that there's a recall of the first release of the 13th Amendment.
Mr. Coney Coney told me to discuss a first release with him, first release with him, the first release of the 18th Amendment.
The survey of the fourth-modern installation was, I told Mr. Coney that I would have no objection to issuing a press release
if it stayed at the fact, and that he could go ahead and work out a press release with him for it.
Adam, Mr. Coney Coney, the winner or winner, I forget that Coney Coney told me that the press release indicated that we would be calling off our hearings,
I tell him we of course could not issue such a press release.
I believe the next conversation about the press release was in the arrow plane on the way up to Fort Monmouth.
That would be October 20th.
October 20th.
I want you to tell the members who this committee, what that conversation was if you will, please.
Mr. Coney Coney, Adam had a press release and in the pretty good cell phone, tried to convince me that I should issue that press release after the Fort Monmouth survey.
I told him I could not for two weeks.
Number one was the release indicated we were calling off the hearings and we report for a not.
I did not release that senator that you were calling off the hearings.
We released out of the readers in so many words, I interpreted the state best, the language of the release.
For example, I believe that our recent hearings have brought their names up, much more forward.
The army should be able to finish the job we have started.
I interpreted that to me and I think the press would have interpreted that as meaning that the hearing grew up in him.
Can I get any one other reason for not issuing it?
It tells what we found at Fort Monmouth before we got there, but we were hearing that part of the release.
I have been very, keep in mind this is not my release, but that is.
I am very favorably impressed by all that I have seen today at Fort Monmouth and all Southern William Press.
I think that's a farce to each other.
I have been very favorably impressed by all that I have seen today at Fort Monmouth.
Now, that other word goes as the word he says is Mr. Adams is fitting in your mouth for you to stay before you ever got to Fort Monmouth.
Well, he doesn't look in my mouth, but I am saying, as I am saying, he is telling us that he tried today.
Yes, that's right.
And that was before you got to Fort Monmouth before.
Now, that is right.
And for those two reasons you say, you should issue that person.
No, that is right.
If you retire, that's right.
And also, I think I told Mr. Adams about that.
Thank you.